custom tackles comm here and we're
looking at Spyderco team egg and the
spyderco team egg is a unique knife a
lot of people are aware of it it uses
the magnets to keep the watch open and
closed so you can see there I just kept
close at the magnet just to give it a
little more push in it is this magnet
notice back in this product which team
egg was launched I guess some time in
2008 may be here 2007 and it was a big
deal about it I believe it's Ralph
Turnbull's signature there on the blade
built in the Golden Colorado and USA and
it says rare earth I guess because of
the rare earth magnets so instead of
just earth like they usually say and the
CPM s30v blade nice feature these knives
were so expensive when we came out I
think the retail price is over $200 and
I don't think they sold very well first
by their Co so they ended up getting
cleared out for some like 70 70 or 80
dollars and that's kind of but they go
from the secondary market now in the 60
70 $80 range which is quite a drop and
it's not that old of a knife I think
it's a it's a pretty cool knife
especially for that kind of money yeah
and that's 30 V blade you get neat rare
earth magnets um it's probably
marginally safer than a Swiss Army knife
because you can stick your finger in the
groove here which the instruction sheet
tells you very specifically to do and
when you go out this little blade to use
and carbon-fibre handles are all brushed
inst
pretty nice wire clip sweet you from the
side of this side not bad it's a fun
knife it's not hard used knife but I
know being that there's a lot of T mags
coming on the market for dirt cheap
prices a lot of people are starting to
jump on it and maybe interested and
seeing what it has to offer it's got a
worker style blade so it's very very
narrow at the tip here hollow ground
pretty high up thin tip very sharp as
expected from spyderco it's a pretty
short blade to handle ratio which you
might have noticed which is also typical
of some spider eCos whereas you have
models like the police which are the
opposite designed to hold as much blade
in the handle as possible this is not
one of those blades hologram blades
pretty sweet on this one if this had a
lock it would probably sell for more
money whenever we've been with this
teammate on it I don't know if they're
gonna make any more but I'd be curious
to find out because it's not know if I'd
use but I like playing with it it's fun
so sparks medical team egg I'd recommend
getting one if you're not too concerned
about the fact that there's no lock like
that
all right holding each other of you have
a good one